All right so let's create a valid REDUCE-IT.
So and this is going to be inside movies reducers.
Yes.
This reducer is going to return a new state.
If an action is matched so I'm going to start and this reducer is just going to be a function.
So we need to write a function and export dysfunction so it can be used inside the combined reducers.
So since we want to export the function I'm going to start saying support and default just like that.
And since you wanted the export function I'm going to say function right.
This function is going to have two main arguments going to do this.
And then just open and close the arguments that we can use here.
It's going to be the previous state and then begin to use the action.
So if I go to the chart again whenever we dispatch an action call to an action creator the action creator
goes to the we do series with some information and the information is just going to be an object.
In this case with the type of a payload.
So again if I just bring this down the data that we douceur is going to receive is going to be just
something like that you know or just an object with a movie list and a payload.
Now the action is going to be this is going to be equal to this object but the type and the payload
to something simple.
OK just an object.
OK.
Let's see the action argument.
You can have that inside action.
Now if this is not real I just put it here just to show you something.
Now the other thing the other argument.
It's it's a little bit more confusing.
I'm going to just come this way just for now.
And this state is going to be the previous State of the application.
So let me just show you an example.
Let's say I have a Whenever the application starts.
We have a state that is going to be zero.
OK.
Just the application loads and starts at zero.
So something happens on the application we make a click we call to an action creator the action creator
returns a type and a payload and we to enter right here now whenever we triggered this function is going
to look for this action is going to match it and it's going to do something.
OK.
It's going to update the state.
Now the state right now it's zero.
So when whenever this reducer is going to update the state the state it's going to be something else.
It's going to be returned for example state now state it's equal to one.
OK it's going to add one.
OK.
So this state now it's going to be equal to one but maybe or maybe later on the application we're going
to do pretty much the same action and begin to trigger this again.
But now the state it's not going to be zero anymore it is going to be one.
So he's going to go right here execute whatever action we have.
And now the state is going to be too you know this is the previous state.
It's always the previous state.
That's why we are using it right here.
Now since whenever the application starts the state it's going to be empty.
OK.
We don't have any data when the application starts then it's going to do something called the reducers
and the actress and whatever.
And it's going to be it's the state.
And you can have some information but when the when the application starts nothing is going to happen
to this state it's going to be just empty.
Now the thing is that if I leave it empty we leave this empty.
We're going to get an error because it's going to say that the state it's not the fine.
So to make it fine.
Well we can say we're going to use something that it's from iOS 6 it's going to be called default function
arguments and whatever whenever we pass an argument inside of a function.
If this state has no data what we can do we can set a default state for this a default value for this
estate so we can say no whenever the application starts state it's not empty anymore it's just going
to be Noul.
OK.
And we're not going to get there.
Now we'll get an error for it for a different reason.
But don't worry.
OK.
Now whenever the we call the action the actual creator the action creator is going to return this object
with a type and a payload.
Now it's going to enter right here to this function and right here what its going to do is going to
search for an action.
We could have a lot of factions right here in this case this one is going to be called movers list.
OK.
But we can have a different reduce or a different action that is going to be called there are no movies
actors or movies tax or whatever.
So what we need to do we need to create a switch that is going to match the type so I'm going to do
that.
And in a minute it's going to make sense.
No we're going to go right here.
I'm going to say switch and is this is regular search with javascript.
We started to switch and what we want to search want to match is going to be the action type.
OK.
So I'm going to say Action action tied up that time.
Now we need to make different cases for this since we are matching the action type are going to say
OK if the case is that the type it has movies the movies list we want to do something.
So I'm going to say movies list now this whenever there is a match is going to return something.
In this case what we return is going to be whenever we have inside the payload you know we have the
type and the payload right here we match the type.
This is going to go through and right here we return the payload to redux.
If you notice this is just a database just adjacent data.
OK.
So we're here I'm going to say return it and I'm sorry.
So we're going to return and what we turn is going to be the action that payload.
Right.
That's what we do.
And if we can't do this we do sir.
And within the time.
And there is no match for the type.
We need to look to return something else so what we do is we set a default case and what we return is
going to be state.
All right the same state we have with the well in the on the application.
So I'm going to say return state right.
That's it.
That's pretty much it.
So again let's go over the process again.
I know that the application loads and notice that we not getting an error right now.
The application loads.
We have a movie Click on the movie is going to call the action creator and the action creator is going
to fetch the information and it's going to pass an object to the reducers with the type and a payload.
This this reducers dysfunction is going to catch whatever we have right here is going to pass a default
state and an action right here.
We search and trying to find a match for this action.
This object the type it's going to be movies list.
So right here we have a match is entering this case and what we return to redux is going to be the action
that payload the information about that movie and then it's going to go to the combined reducers the
combined reducers is going to talk to the index that has and is going to pass it to the Create story
and create the story.
We'll update the the state the read ex-state and then the application read renders that is pretty much
the process.
OK that's fine.
And don't worry I know this.
This is really confusing but to do this a lot of times we can ride a lot of reducers.
So if you don't get it now don't worry you're going to have a lot of practice.
Let's go to the next section and create a natural Creator for this.